 

CSC 517 :Backchannel Application 

Admin
Username       Email			Password
admin		admin@ncsu.edu		random

Note: User can login with username or email and the password is of minimum 6 characters. 

a) Students working on the project: 

. Sneh Kumar Singh Unity Id: ssingh13 
. Hemant Gupta Unity Id:hgupta2 
. Abdul Haleem Sheikh Unity Id: asheikh 


b) Test Framework Used: 

. Test::Unit 


c) Starting URL of Application 

 152.7.98.21:3000 

d) Commands to run the Application 

Go to any web browser and then type the url address given above
 
e) Other notes 

User guide to the application 

On the first page of the application user has option to log in to the application or register as a new user 
and then log in .User can also search the forum for posts even if the user is not logged in or the user is 
not a registered member of the forum 

Once the user log in, if the user is not an admin, list of all posts are shown on the page with details like 
post title description, username of who created it, when it was created and how many likes the post has. 
Clicking on the post title takes us to another page which shows the description of the post all the 
comments to the post, who create the post and how many votes the comment had got. 

User can create comment on posts and delete his own post and comment. If the user does not see a 
vote button against a post or comment, then either the user has already voted for the post or comment 
or the post or comment belongs to the user. 

When a user tries to upate different user's posts and comments the error is shown on the posts page 
after the update button is clicked (not after edit button is clicked).

All functionalities and restrictions have been implemented. 

Limitations 

The UI of the application needs a lot of improvement. However, since no points had been allotted for Ui, 
we chose to implement all the functionalities and restrictions in a rigorous fashion 

The search is an exact search i.e. if you give the exact username, category name and post title, then only it
searches the post title based on any of three. Please keep this in mind.

References: 
 
The internet and various other eBooks, blogs and tutorials from websites like www.Lynda.com have 
been referred to in order to successfully implement the project. The following list of most of the 
resources used is mentioned below. However the list is not exhaustive, but we have tried to mention 
every source that we have referred to. 

 

. http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/other/building-a-forum-from-scratch-with-ruby-on-rails/ 
. http://railsonedge.blogspot.com/2008/02/rails-forum-tutorial-for-beginners-part.html 
. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/7949097/rails-3-1-post-comment-model-for-blog-how-to-
submit-comments-via-ajax 
. http://guides.rubyonrails.org/getting_started.html 
. http://ruby.about.com/od/rubyonrails/ss/blogpart4.htm 
. http://www.sapphiresteel.com/Tutorials/Ruby-In-Steel-Tutorials/archives/Rails,25/How-To-
Create-A-Ruby-On-Rails-Blog,168 
. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5429250/how-to-build-a-search-functionality-to-search-
multiple-models-like-github 
. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11074791/rails-search-form-with-radio-buttons-to-select-
search-conditons 
. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10942348/error-installing-rubymine-no-sdk-specified 
. http://ruby.about.com/od/rubyonrails/ss/blogpart4_4.htm 
. http://ruby.about.com/od/rubyonrails/ss/blogpart4_3.htm 
. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5354712/im-looking-for-a-rails-3-forum-application 
. http://www.logansbailey.com/2010/10/19/how-to-build-forums-in-rails-3/ 
. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4515087/rails-associations-access-foreign-value-through-
non-standard-name 
. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5025135/how-to-give-foreign-key-a-name-in-ror-3 
. http://apidock.com/rails/ActiveRecord/Associations/ClassMethods/belongs_to 
. http://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveRecord/Associations/ClassMethods.html 
. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/12333974/cant-get-a-belongs-to-model-to-save-as-part-of-
the-has-one-form 
. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3152924/in-rails-how-can-i-retrieve-the-object-on-a-
belongs-to-association-without-goi 
. http://www.lynda.com/Ruby-on-Rails-3-tutorials/essential-training/55960-2.html 
. http://ruby.about.com/od/rubyonrails/ss/railsblog1.htm 
. http://www.programmingforums.org/post211751.html 
 

. The User Login and authentication was developed with the help of the 
tutorial on the website 


http://rubysource.com/rails-userpassword-authentication-from-scratch-
part-i/ 

. http://rails.nuvvo.com/lesson/6372-action-controller-session 


. http://ruby.railstutorial.org/chapters/a-demo-app#book_menu 
. http://github.com 



